my name is Clark moss I'm the executive
creative director at IQ the concept is
we call it POV and very simply the idea
was to what a viewer of this spot
project themselves into the action of
firing these quality firearms rather
than cast it with people that are
supposedly from the target audience but
are hard to pin down visually we thought
what better than to allow it
viewer to reject themselves and be using
the gun themselves
he's our first day at the range which
was pretty good getting everybody used
to the rig which you've probably seen
before it's huge and massive and in the
second day we've spent on a quarry which
this beautiful beautiful shots actually
surprisingly all this is shot in Georgia
but feels like it's shot throughout the
United States which is awesome and then
today we're actually a kind of a farm
location all the shots here at kind of
the backyard fun from doing clinking
with soda cans and water bottles we're
gonna do some water balloons pretty soon
and force the watermelon shot which is
gonna be awesome with the help of all
these people around here you'll see that
we have a unique camera rig the first
time I've ever seen one like this used
and certainly in this industry to be
able to capture that POV angle anneal
the cycle through different M&P and
Smith & Wesson's weapons in order to she
in order to get this POV shot I've had
to replace the human eye with a camera
where we've got our red epic dragon
sensor ah nice nice sensor with dynamic
range basically set it on a shorter to
get as close to POV as possible sooner
then also has to adjust is written to
the camera aim through the camera lens
this is to get the camera to the human
eye first person so right now we're out
here we're getting ready for the
watermelon shot and basically what we're
gonna do is we're going to throw the
watermelon with a half pound of and
right they're going to shoot what's
gonna do is allow it to explode that's
get chunks rain down from this guy
pretty excited about that
and I love today the shooting exact the
cans and seeing them like they were
great when you're watching them happen
but when you slow the video down news I
look like a homemade perm like you
deserved in your backyard shooting and
blinking I thought that was really cool
the proof of it will come in we get into
editing and pull everything together put
it to a track and see that this
literally is going to put people into
the world of Smith & Wesson M&P
I think it's gonna allow them to be
reconsidered by an entire new audience
and then I believe the style of filming
along with the the music that we're
considering
the action that we're capturing should
help attract all of them